One of the other things, one of the other
kinds of streams, is the transform stream.
Transform streams have all of the methods
of readable and writable streams.
So you can call .pipe on them,
and you can pipe to them.
And all of the events are there as well.
So there's the finished event, there's
the readable event, end event, everything.
And you place the transform
stream between two other streams.
And you can also chain transform
streams in between a source and a sync.
Transform streams, I think, are more
intuitive than the next kind of stream,
which is a duplex stream.
So duplex streams you can think of as,
imagine if you had a separate
readable stream and
a separate writable stream,
but they're just sort
of glued together into
the same stream instance.
You can also sort of think
of them like a telephone.
Like with a telephone, you can talk
whenever you want, the other person can
listen to whatever they want,
they could also talk whenever they want.
So both sides can be
talking at the same time.
And the flow of information
is inherently bidirectional.
And again,
whenever you see something like this,
a.pipe(stream).pipe(a), or
whatever it looks like,
this piping a stream into itself, there
could even be a few steps in between.
But when you basically have
this kind of architecture,
you're dealing with a duplex stream.
And some examples of duplex stream in
Node core are things like if you create
a server, like a TCP server
with net.createServer, or
if you create a TCP connection with
net.connect, you get a duplex stream.
So you can read and write to it,
and so can the other side.
There are more examples of
these in Node core, as well.